https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-6348--known-issue-ingor… (#5291)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_governance.adoc

For more about deprecations and removals, see xref:../release_notes/deprecate_remove.adoc#deprecations-removals[Deprecations and removals].

[#ingorePending]
//2.8:6348

== The _ignorePending_ flag is ignored by the policy generator

The `ignorePending` flag is ignored if you set `consolidateManifests: true` in your policy generator.

> You can manually change the value if you need to implement the `ingorePending` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set `consolidateManifests: false` if you need to implement the `ignorePending` function.
```
